# Resend

Email for developers

The best API to reach humans instead of spam folders. Build, test, and deliver transactional emails at scale.

## First-class developer experience

We are a team of engineers who love building tools for other engineers.
Our goal is to create the email platform we've always wished we had — one that just works.

## Develop emails using React

Create beautiful templates without having to deal with `<table>` layouts and HTML.
Powered by react-email, our open source component library.

## Reach humans, not spam folders

### Proactive blocklist tracking

Be the first to know if your domain is added to a DNSBLs such as those offered by Spamhaus with removal requests generated by Resend.

### Faster Time to Inbox

Send emails from the region closest to your users. Reduce delivery latency with North American, South American, and European regions.

### Build confidence with BIMI

Showcase your logo and company branding with BIMI. Receive guidance to obtain a VMC - the email equivalent of a checkmark on social media.

### Managed Dedicated IPs

Get a fully managed dedicated IP that automatically warms up and autoscales based on your sending volume, no waiting period.

### Dynamic suppression list

Prevent repeated sending to recipients who no longer want your email and comply with standards like the CAN-SPAM Act and others.

### IP and domain monitoring

Monitor your DNS configuration for any errors or regressions. Be notified of any changes that could hinder your deliverability.

### Verify DNS records

Protect your reputation by verifying your identity as a legitimate sender. Secure your email communication using DKIM and SPF.

### Battle-tested infrastructure

Rely on a platform of reputable IP's used by trustworthy senders with distributed workloads across different IP pools.

### Prevent spoofing with DMARC

Avoid impersonation by creating DMARC policies and instructing inbox providers on how to treat unauthenticated email.
